https://www.diarioesportes.com/pt/123808/
Ingredients of Addium and Optimind As it was already mentioned, the manufacturer doesn't mention anything about Addium ingredients. We can only guess whether they are properly combined prevagen, are not allergic, or natural, simpla prevagen. From my personal experience I can say for sure that if the manufacturer doesn't light the product's ingredients, it means that they are not FDA approved and no scientific research has been made with them. For this reason anyone who intends to try a new supplement, should check up whether it is safe and effective. Before using product consult your doctor, inform him of your chronic diseases and possible allergic reactions. So what is Addium made of? After conducting my own research, I can enumerate its main ingredients which include: Huperzine A, Vitamin B6, Vitamin B3 Niacin, Caffeine, Vinpocetine, L-Theanine, Alpha GPC, Gaba, Tyrosine, and Bacopa Monnieri. There is nothing special about this product. Let's analize the major constituents of Addium. The first one is Huperzine A. This substance is known to be possibly effective for the treatment of dementia as an additional remedy, as well as for improvement of memory in healthy people. However, Huperzine A hasn't proven to be effective for the treatment of mental impairment, muscle weakness, age-related memory loss, increase of energy and alertness. More studies are needed to estimate the effectiveness of this ingredient. Read more

Ingredients of Leptigen or Halodrol Leptigen claims to have four major ingredients namely Meratrim (garcina mangostana and sphaeranthus), Caffeine, Chromemate, Green Tea Extract. Let's have a closer look at each of these constituents - halodrol. ChromeMate (chromium polynicotinate) is the main ingredient in the supplement. It is known to enhance metabolism and to help individuals who stick to the diet. It has been studies in placebo-controlled research and proven to maintain the levels of cholesterol levels and blood-sugar. However, there is no scientific proof to this fact. Leptigen's formula contains Green Tea Extract, which supports stable weight loss, but only in combination with a healthy diet and regular exercise. It means that this ingredient cannot be effective when used on its own. To reach positive results you'll need to lower your calorie intake and go to the gym at least three times a week. To my mind, such a way of life is already good for a person who wants to lose weight without any supplements. Leptigen's another constituent is Caffeine which can stimulate the metabolism and enhance generation of adenosine triphospate, but usually it is accompanied by unpleasant jitters. Besides, this ingredient causes a lot of side effects which we will discuss later. Meratrim is a blend of two herbs Sphaeranthus indicus and Garcinia mangostana which are combined in a 3:1 ratio. According to some data, these herbs can prevent fat cells from multiplying, however, they can lead to serious adverse effects. Read more

Nitro MXS VS Rephresh Pro-B Nitro MXS is a male enhancement supplement manufactured by a badly know company located somewhere in the United States of America. According to the manufacturer, this product helps to facilitate muscle growth, but only when used in combination with a strict exercise routine and regular diet, look rephresh pro-b reviews. Unlike steroids, this supplement uses natural ingredients to encourage testosterone production in the body which is important for proper sexual health and muscle growth. The manufacturer promises that Nitro MXS will re-engineer your body in one month. There is an official website but it is not very informative, and there is no information about the manufacturer of the product. The website is, in fact, just a static page with short description of Nitro MXS. It provides no information about the brand either. This is a bad sign, to my mind. Pay attention to it if you are considering purchasing this product. The reputation of the company is under question. Let us have a look at the product's ingredients to better understand whether it is as effective as claimed on the official website. Does It Have Any Side Effects? According to the official website, it is recommended to take three capsules of Nitro MXS in the morning and three capsules in the afternoon before a meal. When using this product, you should drink plenty of water every day. There is a number of precautions for you to take into account before using this supplement. It isn't intended for people under 18, pregnant or nursing women. It is not recommended to patients with heart disease or high blood pressure. Do not use Nitro MXS to treat any medical condition. It is meant for improving your sexual activity but it is not a professional remedy for any disease. Avoid taking the supplement if you have any allergy. Some of its compounds can interact with the allergic compounds in your body and lead to serious reactions. Read more